Hi, guys.
Welcome in this lecture, regional test.
What we did in the last lecture.
Okay, so now I'm going to go to my Android app and I will comment on this video.
So I'm going to click on comment.
And you can see we have this area, but we can basically just go ahead and drop a comment so we can
say very.
Very cool.
Okay, click on send.
Okay.
And go check our conference store and videos.
Like I told you, the comment collection is going to be created and is going to be connected to this.
Videos collection.
Right.
Okay.
I think we do not have it yet.
Q I'm just going to make sure.
I did this again.
Hopefully we have new eras.
Okay.
All we can do is we can go to these and then go to the data.
In order to automatically refresh.
This account.
You can see we have this over here.
And you can see we did have the comments collection right away.
So you can see this is what we were basically trying to do when we said the dark dots collection again.
Then we have the comments collection.
So you can see these comments.
Collection is connected to this video's collection based on this.
Okay.
Now we can go into the comments collection.
And you can see again, each comment is going to be connected with something as well.
No.
It's known as Heidi or Heidi.
Okay.
You can see what we're basically trying to do in the last lecture.
Just show you this again, a comment.
Comment.
The key.
And.
So we come in and.
Okay, Hunter and be.
Okay.
You can see it over here.
First of all, over here we are split gets in how many comments we have.
And we are basically getting the legs right.
Okay.
And that's why you were to see zero.
You can see we have I think I've done this before.
So the first comment is going to be zero.
And the second is going to be one.
And so on and so forth.
Now we just have two comments, right?
That is what we have of our business that gets in the lens of the comments and the way we said.
Who wants to look sorry, not dare.
Like over here.
Right.
Okay.
We said we want to go to the evidence collection.
Right.
Since the video's collection already exists.
So is this going to go into it?
And once the content is coming out with the.
Land of many lands we have for I'm in the videos we have, so that's why we are posting this post I.D.
You can see over here in the comment screen.
We have to post it over here.
Right.
We have the ideal buyer, right?
And we pass it onto the constructor.
There is a we'll pass it on to the constructor.
So anyway, we call this command screen.
Revenue needs to pass in the value.
Okay.
You can see over here the video screen.
We have the commercial screen of our year.
If you come in screen.
Okay.
Comment screen, a comment screen, and now we are passing the value to it.
And we said the value to it is going to be the data, the length of the video that is in the video we
have.
And you can see we are doing it away.
Okay.
Upload video.
You can see over here we as well, we got the lens of the video.
Right.
We said behind this is going to be the light of the video.
So that's what we're basically doing or fully understand.
Okay.
But if you just look back and watch the lectures, it beats.
Now the photographs you can see now is comment is connected to this.
Again, this is the first comment I made.
Okay.
I think I did it twice.
Very, very cool.
And we can as well say very.
Okay.
We're going to see quite bad video.
Video are you going to see their.
Okay.
What we can do is we can go to this and come back to this.
Videos.
And you can see we have comments collection.
And as well, we did have the two.
And check it out.
You can see by the video and automatically we have the date published.
You can see is June eight, 2022.
I'm currently recording this video engine eight.
That is today.
Okay.
And the ID is comments two and the likes is zero.
Profile photo of the user.
You can basically just open this in the new tab and see the idea of the user and the user.
Name me at the end of the car.
Okay.
Now what we can do to get rid of this era?
The reason for this era is because we wrote the comment screen.
We arrived to this view with something not as obvious, and because of this, it does not longer know
how many lengths we have.
Okay, now to do this, we need to give the length of how many comments we have in.
The database.
Okay, so now all we have to do is we have to use this, which should send before, like over the command
controller.
We need to have access to this, this variable value.
So how many comments we have in the database?
Okay.
But the problem is currently this is a private function, sorry is a private variable.
So because of that we cannot have access to this variable outside this class.
So all we can do is use this.
We should send before.
Okay.
So we can basically just copy this.
Right.
And.
His is over a year, he said of the video.
So.
Instead of the video models.
This is going to be from the comment models.
And we can call this.
Comments list.
Right.
And this.
Okay, great.
Okay.
Now, over here.
So the command screen.
Hopefully in the start of this.
But if you don't, you can also let me know.
So I'm going to try my best to make a video that's explained a bit more to you.
Okay, so now we can then call that comment controller.
Controller and we can then say dot com at least then dot length.
Okay, great.
Now we know we are no longer going to have any error is going to go off.
Okay.
Now, the issue now is to display those comments.
You can see currently we have the comments in the database.
Right.
And we have two comments.
Okay.
And over here.
We are basically saying we have to convert, right.
We are basically gets in the comments we have in our database.
Right.
Okay.
This is cleared.
Now the next thing you're going to need to try to do is to try to display the comments.
Okay.
So try to do this yourself.
Then in the next lecture, we are going to do this together.
Okay, guys, see you in the next step.